WHfB/Key Trust models: PIN reset availability (#5286)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-planning-guide.md

* Have identities synchronized to Azure Active Directory using Azure Active Directory Connect
* Use applications hosted in Azure Active Directory, and want a single sign-in user experience for both on-premises and Azure Active Directory resources

> [!Important]
> Hybrid deployments support non-destructive PIN reset that only works with the certificate trust model.</br>
> **Requirements:**</br>

> > Microsoft PIN Reset Service - Windows 10, version 1709 or later, Enterprise Edition</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Microsoft PIN Reset Service - Windows 10, versions 1709 to 1809, Enterprise Edition. There is no licensing requirement for this service since version 1903</br>

> Reset above lock screen (_I forgot my PIN_ link) - Windows 10, version 1903

##### On-premises
The on-premises deployment model is for organizations that do not have cloud identities or use applications hosted in Azure Active Directory.

> [!Important]
> On-premises deployments support destructive PIN reset that works with both the certificate trust and the key trust models.</br>
> **Requirements:**</br>
> Reset from settings - Windows 10, version 1703, Professional</br>
> Reset above lock screen - Windows 10, version 1709, Professional</br>
> Reset above lock screen (_I forgot my PIN_ link) - Windows 10, version 1903

> It’s fundamentally important to understand which deployment model to use for a successful deployment.  Some of aspects of the deployment may already be decided for you based on your current infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It’s fundamentally important to understand which deployment model to use for a successful deployment.  Some aspects of the deployment may have already been decided for you based on your current infrastructure.
```
